Level 
Hindernisse
Dialog
Audiotrigger
Gang mit Hammer
Wandpanele
Bewegende Plattformen
Uhrzeiger

Dialog 1:
[1]
How does it feel to fall? I hope you don't mind me watching you. I've been here for quite some time and you are the most interesting thing around.

[2]
Please excuse me. It wasn't so nice of me to call you a thing.

Sometimes we fail and the only way forward is to start all over again

It's good the get a sound impression of your surounding, but as for this room? You'll probably get to see it a few times more

Isn't it comforting to get back to familiar places?

All you see is grey in grey. Not the most lively colors, but for some it's the only thing they'll ever see.

You can always take the easy way out. I guess you know what I mean

Trigger wehen falling a lot
Frustration is something we experience when We're in a situation that we're powerless to change or when we are unable to archive something. Are you frustrated yet?
Do you show symptons of frustration? Anger, upset, a clentching yaw or tension in your fingers?

Frustration is a common emotion. It is understandable for you to get frustrated. But frustration isn't the best guide to archive a goal.

What is you goal anyway? Do you know why you are trying again and again, just to keep failing?

And another time back to where you started.

Is it fair what you have to endure?

There are two types of frustration. One internal and one external.

Internal frustration comes from within. It is the result of your inability to archive your self imposed goals.

External frustration is caused by circumstances that are out of your control. Hazzards on your way that other people impose on you.

So, is your frustration internal or external? Clearly you face obstacles, that you didn't set up yourself. But do you have to face them? 
There is always a different option.

Why don't you just stay here? Although it may not be the nicest place, does it get any better if you leave to keep trying?

[Nach 5 minuten]
Do you feel alone? After all there is nobody besides you. Nobody but me.

Sometimes I think that there isn't a reason to keep trying. So that just lying down and stop doing anything, seems to be the better choice.



